Weakly First countable (#1616)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000840.md

---
uid: T000840
if:
  P000228: true
then:
  P000079: true
---

Let $A \subseteq X$ be sequentially closed, we show $X \setminus A$ is open. By {P228},
we need to show that for all $x \in X \setminus A$, there is a $m \in \mathbb{N}$, such that $V_m(x)\subseteq X \setminus A$.

> If this were not the case, picking $x_n \in V_n(x) \cap A$ for each $n \in \mathbb{N}$ gives a sequence $x_1,x_2,\dots$ converging to $x$, contradicting $A$ being sequentially closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supposed $A\subseteq X$ is not a closed set.
Then $A^c=X\setminus A$ is not open and by the {P228} property
there is some $x\in A^c$ such that $A^c$ does not contain any $V_n(x)$, that is, every $V_n(x)$ meets $A$.
Choose $x_n\in V_n(x)\cap A$ for each $n$.
The sequence $x_1,x_2,\dots$ converges to $x$,
since every neighborhood of $x$ contains all $V_n(x)$ for $n$ sufficiently large.
Thus $A$ is not sequentially closed.
```
same argument as yours but in a direct fashion without proof by contradiction
